## About

UPLD Mac is a simple menubar application for Mac that allows you to shorten
URLs, paste text, and upload files to a server running the UPLD web app.

## Usage

Using UPLD Mac with a custom installation of UPLD on your server is quite easy.
The only thing you may want to do is change the ULDefaultServer key in the
application's Info.plist file to the URL of your server. To do this, open the
.app bundle's contents by right-clicking it and clicking "Show Package
Contents", then open the Info.plist file and change ULDefaultServer to the URL
of your server.

## License

Copyright (c) 2010 Austin Gatchell

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Additional license information can be found in the included License.txt file.
